If you wisit the official Riak native documentation under guides you will find the point navigating
between screens.
That's exactly what we're talking about in this module.
Now if you have a look at this you can read more about what they have to say about it.
There is some built in component which only works on ios so we won't use that.
You want a cross-platform solution and then they link to some solutions.
Native navigation re-act native navigation and also re-act navigation which is their preferred solution.
Re-activation is a third party package you can install and they then describe how it work.
And in theory does package works nice.
It's great the features they want to have are great.
The problem chest is the features they want to have.
They're not there yet and actually this re-act navigation package is very buggy.
Feel free to visit that page and have a look at that project and dive into it.
Right now it's far from being finished.
What is a really good solution though is re-act native navigation.
We open that were taken to the get up page of the project.
Now this project is created and maintained by a Wix.
You might know them from their annoying youtube advertisements I guess.
But this package is really great.
They bolted for day or re-act native app which is the app which allows their users to manage their pages
they have on weeks.
But we of use it totally independent of weeks.
It's just a nice library we can drop into re-act native which allows us to implement navigation in a
re-act native app.
Now on their get up page you'll find a link to their documentation.
And now here's one important note.
There is a version of one and version 2 of this project.
I recorded this video here after I recorded the entire course.
In the meantime where you became more stable for the rest of the course we are using version 1 of this
package.
If you're feeling fancy you can certainly try using version 2 on your own.
But if you just want to follow along without issues you should use worship one as I do in this course.
It's not as if you're not on stable there's no reason to not use it.
Let me be really clear about that.
Now to use version 1 or 2 see dead docs off dead you should go up to these branches to this branch drop
down here and there or simply choose the the one brand which you'll find.
Click on it and now you basically load it to get a repository for the version of one parent and the
docs are now simply to be found in the Docs folder.
It's a bit inconvenient to go through that but in the end their docs are now here.
These are all the articles you previously could found on a separate web page.
Now it's your and important docs for us will be the installation Android and installation docs because
there you'll get detailed instructions on how to install the package on iOS and Android.
And that's exactly what we will do in the next lectures.
Now just one important note when you see me browsing their nice web site well that doesn't exist anymore
for everyone you use these articles here in the get other paws story.
They contain the same content but first things first.
Let's start with the installation.
Let's start with installing it for iOS as in the next lecture.